Update the Upcoming Release section in RELEASE.md (#470)
quantumblacklabs/kedro-viz: RELEASE.md

## Major features and improvements

> - Complete backend rewrite to be more modular and maintainable using FastAPI. (#432)

Reviewer: @limdauto I recall the new backend requires an update to Kedro 0.17.4 - it would be worth to mention it in the release notes ( and ideally in the contribution docs?)

- Add layout engine documentation. (#436)
- Add split panel components and implement into the sidebar. (#448)

> - Visualise plotly charts if user defines them with `kedro.extra.datasets.plotly.PlotlyDataSet` in their Kedro project (N.B: this feature is only available in `kedro>=0.17.4`). (#455)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Visualise plotly charts if user defines them with `kedro.extra.datasets.plotly.PlotlyDataSet` in their Kedro project _(Note: This feature is only available in `kedro>=0.17.4`)._ (#455)
```

- Improve layer solving approach when layers partially defined. (#407)
- Remove 'code' flag to enable the code panel feature by default. (#404)
- Remove 'lazy' flag to enable lazy loading of the sidebar by default. (#404)

> - Render the pipeline with warning of parameters missing from the catalog instead of showing an obfuscated error. (#43)

Reviewer: I wonder why is this deleted from the release notes? Ideally the past release notes should not be deleted but instead any new updates should be reflected in the later release notes
